>> Shirley Wu: So for readability,
you might have noticed that,
we have a bunch of pre-curves and maybe
this is really great for data art but
we're trying to do data virtualization.
And so the number one thing that's really
important right now is readability,
because right now we can't really tell.
We know what this represents but
if we put it in front of some readers,
they won't know what's happening.
So the number one important
thing after getting kind of just
the data on there is to make
sure that the data is readable.
And to do that,
we want to be adding titles and
descriptions and
legends to explain the visualization.
And we want to add axes and annotations
to describe the data themselves.
And so these are axes.
I think these are really great if there's
very explicit xy coordinates, xy axes.
So these are really great for
labelling those.
But sometimes especially if you have
color and there's no axes to label,
there's this really great library
by Susie Lu called d3-legend.
That just takes in, it's quite
straightforward, it takes in a D3 scale,
whether that's scale time or
scale legend or any of that.
Sorry, scale ordinal or any of that and
it helps just generate a legend for
you and so this makes it really,
really simple.
So for example, for us,
we might want to be able to
label the x axes and
the y axes with the d3 axis but
then to show the colors we
might want to use Susie's
d3-legend to say which
colors belong to what genre.
And of course,
annotations are really important to
call out different parts of the data.
And say help guide the reader through
how to read your visualization.
And maybe point out the interesting parts
that they should be paying attention to.
And again, Aunt Susie is really,
really great at this and
she's built this library called
d3-annotation, that with some setup,
it makes writing these annotations really,
really easy.
And she'll have ones where
you can do a circle or
a rectangle or
even this kind of annotation badge.
And these are things that are a little
bit cumbersome to do in SPG yourself and
she makes that really, really easy.
And in fact, all three of these kinds
of modules are things that are a little
bit cumbersome to do in SPG if you
have to create the shapes yourself and
these kind of three modules help make
something that's really important,
really easy for us to do.
So I'm a fan,
big fan of all three of them.